listen
welcome to cynic last movie trivia
competition testing your cinema
knowledge the big shout-out to everyone
who's been watching live like a huge
shout out to you guys when the whole act
that happened obviously we brought back
this movie trivia competition I had from
way back in the day you guys have been
tuning in like I think it's been two
months we were looking back just trying
to do something to like when you guys
some free movies you know since movie
theaters are closed Nolan says that he's
gonna bring it back but you know Nolan
also said that there wasn't gonna be a
Robin and then ended up happening so I
decided that every week since the vo
Dee's were like 1999 to give out $20
gift cards through this movie trivia
show and now we're on the penultimate
episode we got one more episode they
were gonna be doing next Sunday and I
just wanna say thank you to you guys cuz
it's been fun you know for those who
have one but just for those who have
been playing it's the best for those who
are watching in the future know that
every single Friday I've always been
posting on a community post an extra
little trivia question along with the
time in order for you guys to see what
we're gonna do this life we got we got
two more this is the second to last one
so let me break down what we have today
on this cynic clash of course I know
everyone's going out but it's still an
Inside Edition this week we have
directors cuts cuz a little something
happened over the weekend that I can't
put 1517 days is how much it took for
everybody to get the confirmation on the
Snyder cut I actually had a whole video
on directors cuts that I had like done
last November never released it and part
of it had to do with like them being it
was directors cuts or DLC and now we
have this coming out to HBO max I love
HBO Max and that actually goes with my
second category this category I already
had before the announcement its movies
the TV because it seems like it used to
be TV shows wanted to get the movie and
now movies want to get the TV shows I'm
supposedly the Snider cut may even be a
couple of parts so we got director's cut
and movies the TV you know any question
dealing with movies that have been
altered cut in any shape way or form and
then movies that turn to TV your TV to
movies so this is in a classroom you
break down the little test for you guys
the test questions or the rules first in
the chat wins as always for those of you
guys who have been watching obviously I
have the slow chat route so we make sure
we don't have some spamming I also have
the live chat up there a lot of you guys
have the
chaton and then you guys think you won
top chat puts your comment up first
we'll make sure a live chat not top chat
live chat not top chat I don't even care
about spelling you just got to make sure
that you make sure that the entire
answer is there if it's a double answer
one make sure it's in one line trying to
get new winners on each one but overall
listen we're just here to have fun not
here to sell this divide calm so
starting off with the first three
practice questions that we have before
the directors prize questions I got
three ones over here dealing with
directors cuts I got the live chat up
here as well the question goes as follow
these two directors I need both of their
names on the line ten seconds on the
clock
name the two directors that prefer the
term extended or special editions /
director's cut name the two directors
who prefer the term extended / special
editions because these gentlemen believe
the director's cut has already been cut
and it's out in theaters that is of
course you know over here we're looking
at avatar to the right and then Lord of
the Rings they had their extended and
their special editions that came out and
it is of course Peter Jackson and James
Cameron some of the best of the best and
I really like their their phrasing of it
we we already released what we wanted
these are just a special ones d the
collectible editions if you will looking
over here I see that it is Phil TOI
Ridley Scott and James Cameron dope got
both of them right there congratulations
Phil TOI winning the first I hope I'm
saying her name correctly fulfil
Congrats on winning the first one moving
on to the next one two more practice
ones this one's funny because I was
actually rewatching the director's cut
to this and I could not believe it ten
seconds on the clock refreshing the chat
over here making sure everyone's over
there a lot of other people are saying
Steven Spielberg Peter Jackson M night
Shyamalan no but this next one's going
to be interesting ten seconds this 2001
movie was criticized for the director's
cut
practically being an ending explained
this 2001 movie this is one of those
that I think for the most part was
pretty split right at the beginning the
moment that people came out either
loving it or hating it I'm seeing a lot
of people say Eagle Eye butterfly effect
requiem for a dream mr. nobody Minority
Report it's actually none of those uh
but I do see a winner right here it is
Donnie Darko they released this movie
and practically had like a book that
explained everything to you my job was
no there's no reason for me to make an
enemy considering that there's a
director's cut to this but the winner
that we have over here I saw a lot of
people saying different things but the
person I had right up there just Gary
congratulations just Gary winning the
question right there moving on to the
last practice one seeing everybody kind
of get the gist to it test and making
sure that everything is working right
there one more practice one and then we
got the prize once so moving over to
fullscreen ten seconds on the clock
doesn't funny the Richard Donner cut
released in 2006 refers to what sequel
what sequel the Richard Donner cut
saw some people on the right track they
saw there was a superhero when they're
saying daredevil someone said Blade
Runner it is Superman - a crazy
backstory behind this you know like
Marlon Brando was reading the script
because he didn't want to memorize that
all these crazy stories that it took you
know this was a 1980 in 2006 Richard
Donner was finally able to get his cut
so we're talking about the Snyder cut yo
Snyder just waited fifteen hundred days
my man waited way longer to get his cut
coming over here to see who won it I see
my man
Anthony Fortuna Superman to seeing some
of the answers that we got over here man
is Steve
I mean technically and Lana people are
saying Bladerunner as well but it is
Superman - all right here we go what
everyone's been waiting for we got
ourselves the director's cut prize
question that means anyone who wins
first one you see how it goes on the top
on the live chat the top of the live
chat whoever gets it call you out head
on over to Elam at LME explained on
Twitter gonna get yourself a $20 gift
card we got two of these to wrap-up
director's cut ten seconds on the clock
the 2019 Oscar shortlisted film cats is
rumored to have a cut that had not CGI'd
what body part of the Jellicle cats
I need the body part there is a cut out
there rumoured be it kwibi be it apple
someone is going to give us the actual
butthole cut that is out there of cats
it Snyder cut crew do your thing whoever
needs to make this happen that said this
was probably the fastest one y'all guys
that answered really quick no mistakes
here right off the bat butthole cut
y'all didn't know Superman's too but
when it comes to the butthole cut oh man
y'all guys y'all had this right here I
accept all of these some people say I
don't accept the hand cut I don't think
there is a hand cut but the winner over
here is I come all the way to the top
look at look at how many bottles the
winner that I see right here is John
Lennon the living one John Lennon
congratulations you win the first one
right here I still can't believe you
know butthole cut y'all really don't
really know that one right there okay
John Lennon reach out to us at Ella me
explain you got yourself a win thanks to
the butthole cut of cats I move on to
the last one for director's cut the
prize refreshing the Chad over here ten
seconds on the clock this is again a
double movie alright so I need both of
them if you give me them correctly but
they're on separate things I can need
them on the same line both of these
movies name them
both having cuts that were in black and
white now I had no idea that uh actually
I did I just had no idea that they had
at the a trickle run it wasn't until
both of these were out on DVD that I was
like damn I would have loved to have
seen and I saw Mad Max three times in
theaters but if I knew that I could have
seen it in black and white there's just
something about it you know officially
they were called Logan noir and Mad Max
fury road black and chrome checking out
over here to see who got it a couple
people we're on the right track for the
most part but it's got to be oh there he
is the return I strike I believe you
have won previously in the past I have
no rule against that we haven't gotten
that big yet but yeah you you got this
first one over here man make sure he
wrote and Logan Logan or Iron Man banks
black and chrome were both released they
had if you have the right TV you know
not to sound like a cinematographer from
what's it called Game of Thrones who
told everyone to get a better TV for
that for that one battle now if you got
the right TV man these things look
beautiful but I strike congratulations
head on over to at El Amin and Twitter I
mean I don't really got to verify or no
I know it's you already just hit me up
all right moving on to the next category
which is movies to TV I'm gonna do three
practice ones and then lead it up to the
two prize ones all right first practice
one ten seconds on the clock this boy
genius had his movie an TV series
produced at the same time and even got
nominated for an Academy Award in 2001
it actually lost to Shrek believe it or
not but it was Jimmy Neutron that year
was the first year that the Oscars
actually held their animated feature
film category they didn't have one
beforehand Beauty and the Beast I got
nominated for best live at non best
live-action but and I got nominated for
the Best Picture one but this year it
was Shrek it was this one I'm blinking
on the third one at the moment but Jimmy
Neutron lost to Shrek but it still had a
TV show right in the works I'm looking
at it over here Jeremiah Michael right
there first one say Jimmy Neutron boy
genius first one congratulations we move
on to the second practice one as I
refresh everything over here alright
still dealing with movies to TV ten
seconds on the clock
what movie inspired this show a reminder
as I see people who commented five
minutes later that they were first moved
to Live Chat not top chat but what movie
inspired this TV series don't eat the TV
series just the movie that is of course
the one and only is this Bates Motel
which I know a lot of people liked I
know aleena finished watching it I never
actually got done and went to it but I
of course have seen the original which
even has a bunch of a a bunch of sequels
as well but that is of course psycho
moving on over here I see some people
already commenting Fargo before I even
asked the question lying slick it is in
fact Anna Maria congratulations Anna
Maria are getting cycle right there for
the second practice question dealing
with movies to TV I'm pretty good one
see what else did we get we got some
conjuring I don't think they got a TV
show yet but a lot of people saying
psycho American Psycho let's see moving
on to the next one
we got 10 seconds on the clock need both
of these in the same line got a double
one here I just need the original
property name me both of these series
movies they have the same name both on
the same line this of course is a double
one a reminder as I see people argue
right there need both of them on the
line a lot of people are getting the
first one some person got the second one
but who was the first to get them both
on the same line I'm looking at it over
here I have found you it is of course
Fargo and from dusk till dawn two movies
that got turned into pretty
long-standing TV series both that are
still running looking over here moving
over to the chat room we got ourselves a
lot of people saying Fargo Sherlock
Fargo and Fargo Fargo dusk till dawn
Fargo boondocks
but the only person to put them together
right here is Tanner Dijkstra Fargo and
dusk till dawn congratulations on when
in the last practice one but now I
believe we actually still have one more
practice one oh look at that an extra
bonus question coming over here for the
practice questions still dealing with
movies to TV congratulations to Hanna
right there on that one refreshing the
chant over here we move on this is also
a twofer ten seconds on the clock
give me both of them on the same line
both of these were movies turn into
pretty great TV series I'm seeing a
couple of the answers come in right here
double check in to see who's got it oh I
see one right there oh very quick on it
right there again this being the last
practice when we of course are talking
about Friday Night Lights in Dark
Crystal
both really great I love them both
Michael B Jordan was actually in the TV
series for Friday Night Lights right
after doing the wire and then people
love love love Dark Crystal especially
the new one that they have over on
Netflix people were going crazy for it
moving on over here looking at what
other people are saying no see they got
Watchmen Freda Friday nights and Dark
Crystal Canadian invisible comics you
got it right there someone's a
neverending story that's the one that I
figured a lot of people were gonna think
it was I see also Fantasia that second
one was getting a lot of people
off-guard but congratulations to
Canadian invincible comics all right
moving on
oh I actually had this little thing
right here just an in-between before we
get to the prize once I was looking
through all of these that were out there
now these are some of my favorites that
have actually gone from movies the TV or
the other way around I love a bunch of
these adaptations but it's crazy to
think that these are some other ones
that people have been recommending a lot
how many just there are these have been
some of the ones people say y'all make a
ellamy on but then you look at how many
of these have actually been turned it is
ridiculous like do we really need a
limitless series or a takings there was
one for crash after it won the Academy
Award they actually released it bad
teacher was so bad they canceled it
after three episodes three episodes but
it's just crazy to think how big these
movies to TV or TVs to movies it saw the
franchising thing that I've talked about
all right moving on to the final two
remember life to have not live chat not
table chat first one wins this next one
is going to be a twofer all right
to to to to to to to to to 10 seconds on
the clock
refreshing the chat over here I see some
people ready trying to submit their
answers and I need both of these both of
them it's gonna be the movie and the TV
version I need both of them not separate
repeating it again both of them on the
same line the winner gets a $20 gift
card the movies to TV prize is on this
one
Namie the movie and the TV show
we of course have wouldn't what a
classic really a beautiful classic this
is the Emperor's New Groove
and the Emperor's new school one of my
personal favorites I had to put it in
your now to make it a prized one and I
believe the winners I look over here
someone had Emperor's New Groove but you
need them both I repeated it three times
Chanin so Blackshirts nine three two one
Emperor's New Groove and Emperor's new
school you got it just reach over at
ellamy explain on twitter you won
yourself the first of the movies to TV
press congratulations my dude I want to
see what else so what else people were
saying some we're saying a Landon but
most most ended up getting the emperor's
new couse clothes new school look at
that I don't see how people are putting
Aladdin and then an Emperor's New Groove
considered through the same project but
very close very close very close
black shirts nine three two one reach
out you won that one someone said pull
the lever we pull the lever on the final
one right here for the penultimate this
is the penultimate final question of the
penultimate show actually it's the final
question of the penultimate show I guess
Cinna Clash viewers el-amin listeners
I've appreciated this time with you guys
it's been fun I move on to the last one
Congrats to all the winners today for
this next one it's gonna be too animated
series and I need the original names
dealing with both of them just the
movies names first one to get it both of
them on the same line gonna say both of
them
on the same line the winner gets a $20
gift card the rest of you yeah one last
chance next Sunday ten seconds Namie
both of these this is two series that I
don't even think ran that long but it's
clerks and it's Napoleon Dynamite's the
animated series that both of these had
moving on over here I see that the first
one to get it was ice trike but we have
the rule congrats ice trike on winning
it you can flex everything you want
right there but it has to go with extra
life with no life to get our new winner
as well Congrats to everybody who won
today I'm trying to pull him up over
here reach out over at LME explain get
your $20 gift cards some people like I
said some people been giving it out to
their family members some people been
smart enough to not even use it on a VOD
but actually I've used it like they've
separated they got themselves a month of
Hulu they got a month on Netflix pretty
smart you el-amin listeners are smarter
than then anyone else gives you credit
for but I've been having a blast doing
this show with you guys I wish I had an
outro music I don't want to play
anything else cuz then the shells gonna
get copyrighted but it's been a blast
like I said next Sunday's going to be
the final episode that we have before we
move on to probably a sometime in the
summer hopefully bringing it back
maybe we'll get a sponsor or something
cuz the last month so that we got we
were able to give out all these $20 gift
cards really helped a lot it's been fun
still continue to stay safe III we may
not all be indoors now to the summer but
please stay safe wash your hands
take care continue watching movies and
I'll see you guys next time